Ofast deprecation clarifications (#101005)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/CommandGuide/clang.rst

    :option:`-Ofast` Enables all the optimizations from :option:`-O3` along
    with other aggressive optimizations that may violate strict compliance with
    language standards. This is deprecated in Clang-19 and a warning is emitted
    that :option:`-O3` in combination with :option:`-ffast-math` should be used

>     instead if the request for non-standard math behavior is intended. Thus, as
>     there is no timeline yet for removal, the aim is to discourage its usage
>     due to the compliance violating optimizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    instead if the request for non-standard math behavior is intended. 
    There is no timeline yet for removal; the aim is to discourage use of :option:`-Ofast`
    due to the surprising behavior of an optimization flag changing the observable
    behavior of correct code.
    
```

    :option:`-Ofast` Enables all the optimizations from :option:`-O3` along
    with other aggressive optimizations that may violate strict compliance with
    language standards. This is deprecated in Clang 19 and a warning is emitted
    that :option:`-O3` in combination with :option:`-ffast-math` should be used

>     instead if the request for non-standard math behavior is intended.  There

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    instead if the request for non-standard math behavior is intended. There
```
